and welcome back to another edition of
Halloween shorts here on wrecklesseating
mats I'm with Chris reckless and we have
this is the third what no we say we have
two more after this one until Halloween
night did you fart again I didn't hear
it I don't know that you're too proud
first we've got is monster lollipops
gooey green apple and uh and we have
Hello Kitty sour gummy treats all right
we'll start with the mall cop I like how
it's in this little like crimped thing
dig it so this is cool like that yeah
all right let's gonna get out it's like
I'm really violent Mormon birth that's
how they do it ok I think of it over
your head I know I can damn it
why this is so hard to get open oh my
god come on both of our struggles are
real okay there we go I got it holy no
fridays it alright hit the side you get
that side it will look at me yeah that's
horrible that is just plastic tasting oh
there's nothing to press thing it's like
you're eating your prey that's gross
nail polish there's yeah there's nothing
to it oh it's just cheap put it back in
its crypt yeah pieces yeah that's
terrible 155 survival you can even iron
five fine with you know they just seems
like this this seems a lot of those
halloween candy uses the same
ingredients yeah cheap crap all right
this would be good though hello kitty
sour gummy treats yep did you know hello
kitty is not a kitty what the hell is it
it's a human being no the cap oh it's a
human bidding being I'm bit sir it's
rich Cuban pity yeah Betty yeah it's
actually human being oh it's a cat no
they announced that the day at the
company announced that it helped kitties
like what the company says are much a
sellout obviously there's a human being
selling out Madison Square Garden that's
Mick Foley joke yeah we both want for
the red one immediately yeah oh I'm
talking about oh yeah I look that's all
okay oh yeah all those are amazing in
this is the perfect amount of sour a lot
of the only thing that's halloween about
it is just the moxie mm-hmm holder
awesome i get those a low 50 by us again
i give this a 4 oh good mmm-hmm what's
up with them having cancer on the box
though so like the white lines and stuff
that's sugar yeah but i also look like
that how does it cancer cuz it's like
there's like white plump sonic so weird
plump good
there isn't any Murphy between it's also
on this box all right well two more
episodes until Halloween are you excited
yay all right we'll see you then